Reintroduce permission to control the appearance of the Grafana link (#48)
NETWAYS/icingaweb2-module-grafana: doc/01-about.md

* `grafana/graphconfig`, Allow to configure graphs.
* `grafana/graph`, Allow to view graphs in dashboards.
* `grafana/showall`, Allow access to see all graphs of a host.

> * `grafana/showlink` Allow users to see a link to the Grafana instance.

Reviewer: Slighly misleading. I would suggest `Display a link to the Grafana instance` or something similar.
Technically the permissions the permissions allows a users to see the link, but effectively is enables/disables the link button.
`allow` sounds to me like "now I can do something different/new" which is not really the case IMHO

Author: ```suggestion
* `grafana/showlink` Display a link to the Grafana instance.
```
